[Doc] Update README (#10)
streamnative/pulsar-io-aws-lambda: README.md

# AWS Lambda connector

> The [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) sink connector is a [Pulsar IO connector](http://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/next/io-overview/) for pulling data from Pulsar topics and persists data to AWS Lambda to invoke Lambda functions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) sink connector is a [Pulsar IO connector](http://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/next/io-overview/) for pulling messages from Pulsar topics to AWS Lambda to invoke Lambda functions. 
```

Reviewer: AWS lambda is not provide as a data persistence service
